DOCS-1876: Improves refund script page (#968)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/faq/refunds/using-the-refund-script.md

---
title : "Can I refund in batches? "
weight: 56
meta_title: "Can I refund in batches? - MultiSafepay Docs"
meta_description: "The MultiSafepay Documentation Center presents all relevant information about our Plugins and API. You can also find support pages for payment methods, tools and general questions as well as the contact details of our Support and Integration Teams."
read_more: '.'
---

> It is possible to easily refund in batches while using the refund script by MultiSafepay. This will require you to create a .csv file with the parameters *order_id*, _amount_ and _description_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to easily refund in batches while using the refund script by MultiSafepay. This will require you to create a .csv file with the fields *order_id*, _amount_ and _description_.
```

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Field_(computer_science)

> For more information, please follow the instructions on our [Github page](https://github.com/MultiSafepay/refund-script)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download the refund script and find more instructions on its usage, visit our [Github page](https://github.com/MultiSafepay/refund-script)
```
